---
title: 'Privacy Policy'
layout: '~/layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro'
---

<h2>1. Privacy Policy at a Glance</h2> <h3>General Information</h3> <p>The following information provides a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit this website. Personal data is all data that can be used to identify you personally. You can find detailed information on data protection in our data protection policy listed under this text.</p> <h3>Data collection on this website</h3> <h4>Who is responsible for data collection on this website? </h4> <p>The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find their contact details in the section &ldquo;Note on the responsible body&rdquo; in this privacy policy.</p> <h4>How do we collect your data? </h4> <p>On the one hand, your data is collected when you communicate it to us. This can, for example, be data that you enter in a contact form.</p> <p>Other data is collected automatically or with your consent when you visit the website by our IT systems. This is primarily technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system or time of page access). This data is collected automatically as soon as you enter this website.</p> <h4>What do we use your data for? </h4> <p>Some of the data is collected to ensure that the website is provided without errors. Other data can be used to analyze your user behavior.</p> <h4>What rights do you have with regard to your data? </h4> <p>You have the right at any time to obtain information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data free of charge. You also have the right to request that this data be corrected or deleted. If you have given your consent to data processing, you can revoke this consent at any time for the future. You also have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted under certain circumstances. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority.</p> <p>You can contact us at any time about this and other questions about data protection.</p> <h2>2. Hosting</h2> <p>We host the content of our website with the following provider:</p> <h3>Hetzner</h3> <p>The provider is Hetzner Online GmbH, Industriestr. 25, 91710 Gunzenhausen (hereinafter Hetzner).</p> <p>You can find details in the Hetzner privacy policy: <a href="https://www.hetzner.com/de/rechtliches/datenschutz" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">https://www.hetzner.com/de/rechtliches/datenschutz</a>.</p> <p>Hetzner is used on the basis of Art. 6 Paragraph 1 Letter f of GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in our website being presented as reliably as possible. If a corresponding consent has been requested, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR and ยง 25 Para. 1 TTDSG, insofar as the consent includes the storage of cookies or access to information in the user's terminal device (e.g. device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the TTDSG. The consent can be revoked at any time.</p> <h4>Order processing</h4> <p>We have concluded a contract for order processing (AVV) for the use of the above-mentioned service. This is a contract required by data protection law, which guarantees that the personal data of our website visitors is only processed in accordance with our instructions and in compliance with the GDPR.</p> <h2>3. General information and mandatory information</h2> <h3>Data protection</h3> <p>The operators of these pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration.</p> <p>When you use this website, various personal data is collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This data protection declaration explains which data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this is done.</p> <p>We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by e-mail) can have security gaps. Complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.</p> <h3>Note on the responsible body</h3> <p>The responsible body for data processing on this website is:</p> <p>Henry Rausch<br /> PO Box 30324521<br /> 39047 Magdeburg</p> <p>Telephone: &#91;Telephone number of the responsible body&#93;<br /> Email: &#91;Email address of the responsible body&#93;</p> <p>The responsible body is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, e-mail addresses, etc.).</p> <h3>Storage period</h3> <p>As far as within this If no more specific storage period was specified in the data protection declaration, your personal data will remain with us until the purpose for data processing no longer applies. If you make a legitimate request for deletion or revoke your consent to data processing, your data will be deleted unless we have other legally permissible reasons for storing your personal data (e.g. retention periods under tax or commercial law); in the latter case, deletion will occur once these reasons no longer apply.</p> <h3>General information on the legal basis for data processing on this website</h3> <p>If you have consented to data processing, we will process your personal data on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR or Art. 9 Para. 2 lit. a GDPR, provided that special categories of data are processed in accordance with Art. 9 Para. 1 GDPR. In the event of express consent to the transfer of personal data to third countries, data processing will also be carried out on the basis of Art. 49 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR. If you have consented to the storage of cookies or to access information on your end device (e.g. via device fingerprinting), data processing will also be carried out on the basis of &sect; 25 Para. 1 TTDSG. Consent can be revoked at any time. If your data is required to fulfill the contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures, we will process your data on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR. Furthermore, we process your data if it is required to fulfill a legal obligation on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. c GDPR. Data processing can also be carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The following paragraphs of this data protection declaration provide information about the legal bases applicable in each individual case.</p> <h3>Recipients of personal data</h3> <p>As part of our business activities, we work with various external bodies. In some cases, it is also necessary to transfer personal data to these external bodies. We only pass on personal data to external bodies if this is necessary to fulfill a contract, if we are legally obliged to do so (e.g. passing on data to tax authorities), if we have a legitimate interest in the transfer pursuant to Art. 6 Paragraph 1 Letter f of GDPR or if another legal basis permits the data transfer. When using contract processors, we only pass on our customers' personal data on the basis of a valid contract for order processing. In the case of joint processing, a contract for joint processing is concluded.</p> <h3>Revocation of your consent to data processing</h3> <p>Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can revoke consent you have already given at any time. The legality of the data processing carried out up to the time of revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.</p> <h3>Right to object to data collection in special cases and to direct advertising (Article 21 GDPR)</h3> <p>IF THE DATA PROCESSING IS CARRIED OUT ON THE BASIS OF ART. 6 PARAGRAPH 1 LIT. E OR F GDPR, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AT ANY TIME FOR REASONS ARISING FROM YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION; THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING BASED ON THESE PROVISIONS. THE RESPECTIVE LEGAL BASIS ON WHICH ANY PROCESSING IS BASED CAN BE FOUND IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU OBJECT, WE WILL NO LONGER PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA, UNLESS WE CAN PROVE COMPELLING LEGITIMATE GROUNDS FOR THE PROCESSING WHICH OVERRIDE YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS OR THE PROCESSING IS FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSERTING, EXERCISING OR DEFENDING LEGAL CLAIMS (OBJECTION ACCORDING TO ART. 21 PARA. 1 GDPR).</p> <p>IF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS PROCESSED IN ORDER TO CARRY OUT DIRECT MARKETING, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT AT ANY TIME TO OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA CONCERNING YOU FOR THE PURPOSE OF SUCH ADVERTISING; THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING IN SO FAR AS IT IS RELATED TO SUCH DIRECT ADVERTISING. IF YOU OBJECT, YOUR PERSONAL DATA WILL SUBSEQUENTLY NO LONGER BE USED FOR THE PURPOSES OF DIRECT MARKETING (OBJECTION ACCORDING TO ART. 21 PARA. 2 GDPR).</p> <h3>Right to complain to the competent supervisory authority</h3> <p>In the event of violations of the GDPR, those affected have the right to complain to a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of their habitual residence, their place of work or the place of the alleged violation. The right to complain exists without prejudice to other administrative or judicial remedies.</p> <h3>Right to data portability</h3> <p>You have the right to have data that we process automatically on the basis of your consent or in fulfillment of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request that the data be transferred directly to another responsible party, this will only be done if it is technically feasible.</p> <h3>Information, correction and deletion</h3> <p>Within the framework of the applicable legal provisions, you have the right at any time to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of the data processing and, if applicable, a right to correction or deletion of this data. You can contact us at any time with any questions about this or other issues relating to personal data.</p> <h3>Right to restriction of processing</h3> <p>You have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted. You can contact us at any time to do so. The right to restriction of processing exists in the following cases:</p> <ul> <li>If you dispute the accuracy of the personal data we have stored about you, we usually need time to verify this. For the duration of the review, you have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted.</li> <li>If the processing of your personal data was/is unlawful, you can request that the data processing be restricted instead of deleted.</li> <li>If we no longer need your personal data, but you need it to exercise, defend or assert legal claims, you have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted instead of deleted.</li> <li>If you have lodged an objection in accordance with Art. 21 Para. 1 GDPR, a balance must be struck between your interests and ours. As long as it has not yet been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted.</li> </ul> <p>If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, this data - apart from its storage - may not be used for any other purpose. only with your consent or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the European Union or a member state.</p> <h3>SSL or TLS encryption</h3> <p>This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries that you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from "http://" to "https://". and by the lock symbol in your browser line.</p> <p>If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you send to us cannot be read by third parties.</p> <h2>4. Data collection on this website</h2> <h3>Cookies</h3> <p>Our websites use so-called &ldquo;cookies&rdquo;. Cookies are small data packets and do not cause any damage to your device. They are either stored temporarily for the duration of a session (session cookies) or permanently (permanent cookies) on your device. Session cookies are automatically deleted at the end of your visit. Permanent cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them yourself or until they are automatically deleted by your web browser.</p> <p>Cookies can come from us (first-party cookies) or from third-party companies (so-called third-party cookies). Third-party cookies enable the integration of certain third-party services within websites (e.g. cookies for processing payment services).</p> <p>Cookies have various functions. Many cookies are technically necessary because certain website functions would not work without them (e.g. the shopping cart function or the display of videos). Other cookies may be used to evaluate user behavior or for advertising purposes.</p> <p>Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process, to provide certain functions you have requested (e.g. for the shopping cart function) or to optimize the website (e.g. cookies to measure the web audience) (necessary cookies) are stored on the basis of Art. 6 Paragraph 1 Letter f of GDPR, unless another legal basis is specified. The website operator has a legitimate interest in storing necessary cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. If consent has been requested to store cookies and similar recognition technologies, processing will only be carried out on the basis of this consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR and ยง 25 Para. 1 TTDSG); consent can be revoked at any time.</p> <p>You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted.</p> <p>You can find out which cookies and services are used on this website in this privacy policy.</p> <h2>5. Plugins and tools</h2> <h3>YouTube with enhanced data protection</h3> <p>This website embeds videos from the YouTube website. The site is operated by Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.</p> <p>We use YouTube in enhanced data protection mode. According to YouTube, this mode means that YouTube does not store any information about visitors to this website before they watch the video. However, the enhanced data protection mode does not necessarily exclude the transfer of data to YouTube partners. YouTube therefore establishes a connection to the Google Marketing Network - regardless of whether you watch a video or not.</p> <p>As soon as you start a YouTube video on this website, a connection is established to YouTube's servers. The YouTube server is informed which of our pages you have visited. If you are logged into your YouTube account, you allow YouTube to assign your surfing behavior directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.</p> <p>In addition, after starting a video, YouTube can save various cookies on your device or use comparable recognition technologies (e.g. device fingerprinting). In this way, YouTube can receive information about visitors to this website. This information is used, among other things, to record video statistics, improve user-friendliness and prevent attempted fraud.</p> <p>After starting a YouTube video, further data processing operations may be triggered over which we have no influence.</p> <p>YouTube is used in the interest of an appealing presentation of our online offerings. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. If a corresponding consent has been requested, the processing will be carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR and Section 25 (1) TTDSG, insofar as the consent includes the storage of cookies or access to information in the user's end device (e.g. device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the TTDSG. Consent can be revoked at any time.</p> <p>For more information about data protection at YouTube, please see their privacy policy at: <a href="https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de " target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de</a>.</p > <p>The company is certified under the "EU-US Data Privacy Framework" (DPF). The DPF is an agreement between the European Union and the USA designed to ensure compliance with European data protection standards when processing data in the USA. Every company certified under the DPF undertakes to comply with these data protection standards. Further information can be obtained from the provider at the following link: <a href="https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?contact=true&id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active " target="_blank" rel="noopener. noreferrer">https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/part icipant-detail?contact=true&id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active</a></p> <p>Source: <a href="https://www.e-recht24.de">https://www.e-recht24.de</a></p>
